# Description About Data: Collected from the proceeding of ACL2014 

## Directories containing Source Files:

1. <b>SourceFiles</b>: Contains the raw source files.
2. <b>SourceFiles_abs</b>: Contains the source files that the sections of Abstract, Acknowledge, Reference, and figure and tables are removed from each of them.
3. <b>SourceFiles_con</b>: Contains the source files that the sections of Conclusion, Acknowledge, Reference, and figure and tables are removed from each of them.

## Directories Containing Summaries:

1. <b>Summary_abs</b>: Containing the <u>Abstract</u> of each paper that each of them serves as a ideal summary.
2. <b>Summary_sysA</b>: Containing automatically generated summaries that have the similar length of the <u>Abstract</u> of the corresponding paper. The models that generate these summaries are:
   - 03: SentJCD -- Using Sentences as nodes, and calculating Jaccard similarity between them as undirected links to build similarity graph, then using PageRank to calculate the importance of each sentence to rank sentences.
   - 31: ParaJCD -- Using Paragraph as nodes then the rest processes are same as SentJCD.
   - 99: CEGroupAVG -- Using Groups that are generated by CESeqSim+npb(AVG, 0.26) as nodes, and using average embeding similarity between groups as links to build similarity graph to rank groups.
3. <b>Summary_wstA</b>: Containing other papers'  <u>Abstract</u>  as the worst summaries for current paper.
4. <b>Summary_con</b>: Containing the <u>Conclusion</u> of each paper that each of them serves as a ideal summary.
5. <b>Summary_sysC</b>: Containing automatically generated summaries that have the similar length of the <u>Conclusion</u> of the corresponding paper. The models that generate these summaries are same as for those generate Summary_sysA.
6. <b>Summary_wstC</b>: Containing other papers'  <u>Conclusion</u>  as the worst summaries for current paper.